everyone
I didn't expose it in public just now.
It is to take into account the fertility of the Lin family
I identify as Limmer's husband
He is by no means Linmer
Who are you?
What do you want?
With a face
He just wants to embezzle tens of billions of my Lin family's property
Hmm you dream
Jumping Clown
Our Lin family will be afraid of you
I advise you to admit it obediently
Lest it be exposed later
Can't stand this
Husband, are you so sure I'm not Li Mo?
Could it be that
You killed me with your own hands
bloody mouth
You don't even know the person next to you and you want to quibble
I warn you
Pretending to be the president of the tens of billions of Lin's Group
The charge is financial embezzlement
If you don't want to go to jail
I advise you to get out of here before it's too late
I'll call the police now.